The land south of the Gu Zong city is not that I don't want to share with you.
There are too many people looking for me to work with.
Oh, the price you gave.
It's really awkward for me.
I'm going. I've got a job.
Total amount
Don't hurry.
Hey, look at this first.
What is this?
Who drinks?
Come on.
It's my sincerity.
But it's more than that.
General Director Chen, please take a look at this first.
Hey.
Isn't that sensitive?
Why does he have such a problem?
Sister, help me.
Tieu Vien
I can't believe you are handsome.
Do you have any money?
Thank you.
Xiao Yuan, why do you owe so much money?
I've been calculating, the day before I went on a blind date with that girl.
He wants a bride price of 200,000.
I want to get it out.
He gave me the money I know.
Then, 200 thousand in a few short years, it became 2 million.
Two hundred thousand turns into two million obvious holes so you jump.
400,000
The black and white letters written on his forehead clearly indicated that the one-month loan was not repaid.
You're Ben, what's the charge?